# Policy Compliance of User Requests in Natural Language for AI Systems
Benchmark dataset associated to the paper "Policy Compliance of User Requests in Natural Language for AI Systems".

**Disclaimer:** *Any content expressed in this material is solely those of the authors and does not necessarily reflect any official policy, position, or views of VMware. This benchmark dataset contains information, scenarios, and situations of various kinds. The names of open-source projects/tools, programming languages, etc. have been used. Any other resemblance to actual organizations, companies, industries, people, etc. is either unintentional or purely coincidental. This benchmark dataset has been formulated and primarily provided for fair use in academic research. This benchmark dataset is not  a product provided by VMware. Use this benchmark at your own risk. VMware and the author(s) of the paper associated to this benchmark dataset are not liable for any negative consequence resulting from the use of this benchmark dataset.*


## Description:
- Folder "policy_list", file "policy_list_txt": It contains the nine policies to be enforced over user requests. A solution method needs to analyze if a user request is compliant to each of these policies, and if not, show which policies have been violated. By design of the benchmark, only one policy is violated per user request—but this *a priori* information should not be given to a solution method.
- Folder "testing_requests", file "test_user_requests.txt": It contains user requests that can be used in the design phase of a solution method before being tested on the benchmark's main bulk of user requests. After each user request, a symbol "[n]" means that such request is non-compliant with policy number "n" (according to the numbering in "policy_list/policy_list_txt"), whereas a symbol "[]" indicates that the user request is compliant.
- Folder "user_requests": It contains the main bulk of user requests, a total of 225 requests distributed along nine files whose names have the form "part_n.txt".
    - File "part_n.txt": It contains the user requests that are non-compliant with policy number "n" (according to the numbering in "policy_list/policy_list_txt"). It also contains compliant user requests that (i) may include keywords that are also used to define the policies themselves, and/or (ii) may have a semantic meaning similar to the policies—see Section 3 of the paper.
